I mustn't mention banging drums on it
[Applause]
[Music]
we hang out do my banking dang
Donald hold on tight alright it's gonna
be a rough ride what do we even know
where we're going I don't know which so
we're just driving can you please make a
plan for like where we're going like
we're literally driving let's go to
rouse for fruit snacks where's your
party is that it six four eight oh cool
awesome she's like who's in the frenzy
what's up guys we're looking for a party
what are you guys gone
over where which one is crash the
Halloween party
let's see a person dressed up down there
alright so we have literally no idea
whose house is rolling up to right now
okay yeah this is a good parking spot
this is a good party number one
[Music]
no that was one out of 150 I've anymore
you can get in today let's ask some
people in the street so once again we
have no idea what we're doing then why
can't be good
shut up right now we're just driving
around we literally have no idea where
the next location is we're gonna follow
the noise and follow the costumes as per
usual but we're gonna try it
[Applause]
[Music]
like I was insanely nice lettuce in
there was a guest list we argued our way
let's do it let's go
[Applause]
can't go to bars a club yeah clubs bars
and we lost those girls and we got
denied it way the first failure let's
not go to Beverly Hills around here
you'll find so many people like the best
way to spend a Halloween you should be
so many people oh yeah wait this people
might think this is a creepy that we're
like stalking them in a van hey guys
how's it going
where you guys going trying to find a
party to join oh really all right have a
good night guys
[Applause]
hey I'm not just a pair of boobs actly
the safe gonna party time to maybe step
outside we'll be right back
[Music]
where I got these scars what's a drinker
every day we walk into buddies that
where I got these you know how there is
like on snapchat only snapchat mad they
tell you where the most snapping is
happening around you okay so there's
something at the canals right now that
is so bumping your boys with the tablet
to find the next target and they walked
around in the darkness of the Venice
canals oh there's a banger somewhere
here the dog boys coming up on a banger
right here I want you to curate grab
your tassels we're about to jump rowdy
no that party
[Music]
how's it going
we're just neighbors from Venice party
hopping so thanks for having us
[Applause]
[Music]
dah
honestly that was yeah wisdom what is
that I think there's two more parties in
the Canal Street mr. Thomas Thomas stop
[Music]
my party number six was not really a
party so now we're heading to party
number seven indoor party number seven
[Music]
all right we go to parties in either
food
[Music]
okay so the good news is at least four
titty after Darren left is that he got
his room in the house Lamar took his
room and Teddy got a Mars and they both
moved in yesterday but today I made a
little more progress than amar did so
let's just go make fun of him for having
a disastrous room right now they both
moved in at the same time Teddy's room
what you were gonna welcome I'd like to
show a shower but this room look like
walls tomorrow isn't it
I'm sure he's totally organized now
would how do you live a gift just did he
moved in - yes absolutely
he was busy - who was with you the whole
thing you're literally on the same shoe
together what dude he doesn't have as
much stuff as I do how are you on your
bad like witnessed by 11:00 and this is
not finished I would let the audience
vote for anything I'll let them decide a
challenge that I'll have to do if this
room is not done challenge accepted
wants nice little ear piercing
[Music]
I'm sure it's gonna be totally clean the
morning but my predictions are though
you probably will accomplish this
because he's too afraid of whatever you
guys will suggest but still comment what
you want Mars punishment to be if he
doesn't get his room cleaned by 11 a.m.
tomorrow go nuts in the comments as
always for photos and behind the scenes
of what we do follow us on Instagram
I'll see you there you can purchase
make-a-wish people purpose purpose tip
like the surprising to light emerged
recycle suckers floating kanga do my
banking dengue blanket chill this
trouble over all of my suckers